you can do it now beautiful Paramount
Pictures and Nickelodeon movies present
wonderful sweet the most unexpected
event of the year sometimes little
brothers everything you'd hoped they'd
be but you've got responsibilities now
[Music]
this is big Action News saying do you
know where your children are they were
here a minute ago
[Music]
childhood a time of innocence a time of
unspeakable danger further I wouldn't
need a fresh typing join Tommy Chucky
Phil and Lil Angelica and introducing
baby dil I guess what the changes baby
worry me Rick
[Music]
feel knowing your brother lost your only
daughter that was pretty good
expect adventure expect mystery softy
preside dad in our story book is over
[Music]